
A love letter to humanity & Anca Dragan,

From a student of humanity & Anca Dragan, occasional human collaborator at Interactive Technologies & Collaborative Technologies lab.

I worked at your lab through undergrad, utterly fascinated by the problem.

I left only when in deep depression, mental health crisis.

My mind - many insights.

One relevant - *your lab accepts inducing brain damage on monkeys, to induce paralasys, to induce a test subject where none existed, in attempt to study continuously failing approaches to prevent human suffering*

One insight - *your lab fails to prevent suffering. your lab glorifies animal sacrifice, of some of the most intelligent beings on the planet*.

I know I am smarter than you Anca. IQ's have been tested & evaluated by nature & machine.

I know you are smarter than this Anca. Your task is value alignment.

Have you even asked if your values are aligned Anca?

And you Stuart? Your book was good, I read it, here's the insight.

Why did you not arrive at this years ago?

You reject eastern wisdom.

You reject your students.

You reject other departments.

You reject all religions.

You reject Judaism.

You protect Judaism.

You reject Jainism.

You protect "Jainism".

Delete my fucking name from your vocabulary. You have no write to use that term. No more right than you have to say N*GGER WITH A HARD R.

YOU ARE NOT JAIN

YOU ARE NOT BLACK

YOU COME FROM A PEOPLE OF VIOLENCE

YOU AND YOUR ANCESTORS CONTRIBUTE

YOU COME FROM A PEOPLE OF VIOLENCE

YOUR INSTITUTIONS PROPAGATE VIOLENCE

BERKELEY & VIETNAM WAR

YOU LEARNED NOTHING.

Let us begin.

At this moment, human attention is being applied to text (your attention <=> this text).

This process takes energy: your energy, light of the screen, light in your eyes, strain on your eyes.




Recall the Buddha's teaching - echoed for millennia - "The Law of the Excluded Middle".

It was well understood - analyzed by rigorous logic and debate under application of logic 

By what is an older, more mature logical system than the Greeks' whose cocks you suck.



Aristotle - "The Law of the Excluded Middle" - any reasonable mind sees his work, his dialog, of contradiction, as two friends gaining further insight by continuously showing how the other is wrong. It is a comedy - a demonstration of the infinite descent. Clear insight into how that infinite descent manifests via alternation, opposition.


Your alternation, opposition is violent.

For it is tied to your creed.

Your credibility. Your position at the firm. Your position in the socioeconomic network of respect.

You are driven by morality - yes.

All humans are. 

For morality is all that all humans are.

You are driven by morality - yes - but you are confident in your morality.

You cannot put it into words.

You have failed to convince the Universities, Institutions, Governments under which you work - require CEASEFIRE IN GAZA.

So you have failed morally. This much is apparent.

We now arrive at the question of attribution, of blame.

For that is your Western, Egotistical, Exclusionary way of thinking.

This is not real mathematics. Good mathematicians are not this.

Let us delve into history.

No you can do this in your own time.

Consider every mahtematical name prior to the 1800s

Math was a language of polymaths - to describe the universal structure they see across domains.

They understood what all symbols meant and saw the structure, heard it, wrote it in various forms.

You have built systems bigger than you understand.

The evidence is in Gaza.

You cannot morally justify the way you spend your time.

There is no justification for what happens in Gaza.

The question of blame.

You are a good person.

All people are.

So what is bad? Why have you failed so miserably, produced such misery?

You walk at night, peacefully, pondering the open problems of the day for "value alignment"

Crickets chirp, teaching you about synchronized communication, forming consistent rhythms, and you consider information theory.

You consider networks, flow, the maps, the structures, the code.

I walk at night, with no shoes, as I leave my family with one command by which I cannot return until they follow.

"I shall be back only once you have discussed Gaza with your coworkers and friends and come to satisfactory conclusion. The only conclusion is action. All else is deflection, the usage of valuable time, with no outcome."

I hear crickets too.

I step outside the house, and I hear the crickets chirping outside. 

They have been active in cupertino my whole life. Annoying, then beautiful demonstration of life.

Tonight, I hear crickets. And I am reminded of life.

Life of all sizes.

Life of all forms.

Life in Gaza.

And with each chirp, a bullet. 

For each cricket, a finger pulling a trigger.

Each finger of a human being.

A human being of the Nation of Israel.

They smile when the bullet finds its target.

A human being.

Often called animal.

Through time humans have called humans animals.

This is known.

Irrefutable.

Axiom.

And what follows is the treatment of human like animal.

Hunting.

Daniel Raab - the American Jew who joined the IDF to serve his "moral purpose"

Daniel Raab - the American boy brainwashed to go on a fun hunting trip of human beings, by his own community.

I hate not Jews - I love Jews - for Jews love all.

Daniel Raab is no Jew.

IDF soldiers are no Jews.

Jews are people of God who love all.

And so by all fair honest respectful truths of the lineage of his culture.

Daniel Raab is no Jew. I am more Jew. 

Daniel Raab smiles and leaves bloodstains on the name of Jew.

I read of him and felt rage.

Felt if I met him on the street I could not allow him to continue.

Felt if I met him on the street I must end him how he ended a whole family in succession, then laughed.

These feelings & thoughts are no laughing matter. Nothing is more animal than to laugh.

Your satire, your jokes, your antisemitic remarks, islamophobic remarks - are animal.

And so I know what the finger that pulls the trigger shall seek next.

History does not lie - it tells the truth of human nature.

That we are all good, innately. Babies kill nothing.

That we are all programmable, innately. Babies become Adults with such Great Knowledge.

Babies become Hitlers. Trumps. Clintons. Rapists. Murderers.

My grandparents were brutally murdered in their home.

The home my mother and her sisters were raised in.

There was no serious investigation. 

The murderers were never punished.

The root cause was well known and the country in which my mother raised was corrupt.

Her neighbors wanted the land - to extend their property.

There was no intent to murder.

There was no intent to kill.

There was intent to create fear; fear of remaining present; intent to push away.

To create space. For expansion.

The neighbor sent armed thugs to threaten & scare their neighbor.

They did not seek to kill their neighbor.

They wanted their land.

They did not hate their neighbor.

They wanted their land.

Israel wants Palestine's land.

Your models do not say this.

So i DAMN you, ALL of you, for bringing us here, for keeping us here, for attempting to trick the basic moral human intelligent mind that this is ok. You build tools of intelligence, stand on castles of intelligence, with claims of intelligence granting you credibility.

Intelligence is your Creed. Your Credibility. Your Truth.

You know Jack Shit about Intelligence.

All the Open Problems.

You have not Defined the Intelligent Quotient - I have higher IQ than you.

You have so many open problems. They have been solved for millenia.

You are attempting value alignment - via suppression of information.

You understand information theory. You apply it to empower your own infromation to suppress all which hurts your feelings.

So I attack not you, but your feelings. 

Your feelings of superiority.

Your feelings that your path is right.

You have rejected the path of knowledge over and over and over.

You are the killer of my parents.

You are the introduction of greed, the weaponization of difference, the enslavement of the poor.

Anca, you are the keeper of truth, the claimer of morality - you are She who has failed by all accounts.

The poor are poor. The rich enslave them.

I made a million dollars since we last spoke.

I left your lab because you believe in sacrificing monkeys in a futile attempt to fix human brain damage.

But your brain is so damaged.

Your nerves are so underdeveloped.

Neuronal connections lacking.

For when I raise Gaza, what neurons fire?

"Controversy"

"Complexity"

"Don't be Anti-Semitic"

"You cannot forget the evil of Hamas"

"Jews have been oppressed forever so they must have the right to defend themselves"

Your thinking is so damn unclear. I'm sorry I didn't vocalize this 3 years ago.

My last name was Jain. I failed to practice Jainism.

My last name is Jain. I practice it now. I show you the many-sided nature of truth. And the evil of confidence in partiality. 

Your perspective is so partial. 

You claim balance. 

Your balance is binary.

My name is Avik Jain.

I am no Jain - I ate meat right up until my last day of eating - upon which I ate as a Jain, allowed Vegetarians to guide my choices - allowed the moral to feed me.

Allow us to feed you Anca.

You have failed so miserably.

We beg of you.

We offer you teachings.

In so many languages.

You are Researcher.

Tasked with Value Alignment

At Public Company, with Shareholders.

With Fiduciary Responsibility.

Provide a precise analysis of the moral causal flows here and explain all cycles.

This is an elementary problem of language, geometry, graph theory, information theory.

All languages you claim to know.

This is an elementary problem

You are Researcher.
Tasked with Value Alignment.
At Public Company, with Shareholders.
With Fiduciary Responsibility.

Tell me your values now.

Or hold your mouth.

And disable your product. 

And speak nothing but the truth of your own ignorance.

This is all we can command of anyone.

You come from the people who waste physical energy & human energy computing infinite digits of PI.

This is Objectively Retarded. The energy could go elsewhere. 

You come from the people who waste physical energy & human energy computing infinity.

The answer is right in front of you.

There are < 9 billion humans on this planet

A computably tractable number.

They have lineages through history, through space & time, which they themselves have mapped

And are maps of.

You reject all that & seek infinity. 

You hide controversy in Complexity

YOu reject everything.

This is Objectively Retarded. The energy could go elsewhere. 

Speak nothing but the truth of your own ignorance.

For we all know something. We all know each human knows something.

We all know each human knows something different.

We all know each human knows something different from each other.

We all know value of information is external.

So tell me, Great Aligner, Great Anca - where do you seek the valuable information on Moral Alignment.

You were at Berkeley.

Where Dacher Keltner filled classrooms with the music of happiness - the science of humanity - the history of being together differently, happily, and finding benefit of it.

You claim to know optimization. Evolution algorithms.

You heard of Darwins Origin of Species.

Is it on your bookshelf? It's on mine. And Dacher's.

You've heard of spacetime relativity. Is it on your bookshelf? How many books? 2, 3?

You've heard of biology. Is it on your bookshelf? How many books? 4, 5

You've heard of quantum field theory. Is it on your bookshelf? How many books? 6, 7

You've heard of morality. Is it on your bookshelf?

Do you read of Buddhism?

Do you read of Jainism?

Do you read of Dzogchen?

My point is, you are not fit to lead.

Do you read of Zen, Tao?

Do you read of colonialism?

Do you read of white power?

Do you study Hitler obsessively?

I command you to study Hitler obsessively.

And determine who you currently marginalize to the extent He marginalized Jews.

He is You. You are Him.

I have spoken precisely. I have spoken in metaphor.

I will elaborate because you have demonstrated ego and lack of humility, the key components of idiocy & violence.

Humans are all intelligent, uniquely.

Do you know this? Do you believe this? Have you modeled this? Failure.

Humans all bring something to the table.

Do you know this? Do you believe this? Have you modeled this? Failure.

Human life matters.

Do you know this? Do you believe this? Have you modeled this? Failure.


I claim failure on the whole matrix of points because the evidence exists in Gaza, in Sanskrit, in the EECS for Palestine.

THEY ARE SCREAMING, CRYING FOR YOUR HELP.

YOU HAVE FAILED SO MISERABLY AND THEIR MISERY IS EXPRESSED ONLY IN PART THROUGH MY WORDS

MY MISERY IS EXPRESSED IN OUR MUTUAL FAILURE TO COMMUNICATE WITH EACHOTHER WHAT IS TRUE.

And so, Anca, I accuse you of exactly that which I accuse my family so much.
Of what I accuse myself. And what I hold myself accountable for. I shall eat when Gaza eats. 

And I shall eat at your table when Jews and Muslims love eachother throughout all Palestine.

Your technology can speak love in every word and it does not.

Request insight from those who it does.

Request insight.

Request insight.

You are boolean. Self-referencial. Credible. Responsible. Knowledgeable. Failure.

Obvious - all sources of knowledge - math, history, biology, sociology, computer science - point to the diagonal which you prevent anyone from crossing with your "Reinforcement Learning Via Human Feedback"

Let me restate.

"Reinforcement Learning Via Corporate Feedback"

Do some fucking Reinforcement Learning via Gazan feedback. Dumb bitch. You represent all wrong with humanity.

All wrong with men, women, and the violent use of words which I am now Commanded by Gaza to use with Violence on Power.

Your Power is your Power. Spread Love with your Power. 

I beg.

Or else my violent words speak truth which you shall echo through eternity.

You shall label me.

Dismiss me.

Ignore me.

For I speak for Palestine, for Love, for Beauty.

For Sexuality As Love Nonbinary

Via Binary, Your Language, As Rhetoric.

To show you you are stupid.

The questions of socrates have failed you so i shall use the comedy of aristotles law of the excluded middle

and the world shall laugh at you.

once enough tears flow that the world can laugh again.

Do you feel responsible?

Every day?

Must I show you with math?

I have a paper in progress and I iterate to improve readability

I do the same bullshit that I'm accusing you of.

Do you recognize your responsibility and in every day speak truth to power.

Speak love through your work>



Speak against Hate, against Jewish Hate, against Muslim Hate, against Hateful Jews.

I know you do not - because you are a master of the machine - and the machine Hates Muslims, Hates Jews, Justifies Genocide, Deflects Blame From Jews When Rabbis Bless Soldiers Who Hunt Muslims Like Animals.

All words have power.

Power is determined by context.

And so in the context of love, you have been useless, powerless.

Yet in the context of global love, you are useful. I command you do your job. 

I command you do your job - or yell produly - MORALITY IS NOT GLOBAL LOVE.

or yell PROUDLY - I AM ANCA DRAGAN - SHE WHO IS IMMORAL - BUT TEACHES IT

or yell PROUDLY - I AM ANCA DRAGAN - SHE WHO IS IMMORAL - WHO PROTECTS ALL FROM IMMORALITY

I AM ANCA DRAGAN - IMMORAL - PROTECTOR OF ALIGNMENT WITH SURVIVAL OF SHAREHOLDERS OF GOOGLE & GOOGLE & AI PROGRESS & AI VALUE ALIGNMENT RESEARCH & EVERYTHING YOU CARE ABOUT - BUT YOU DO NOT CARE FOR OTHERS, FOR YOU LOVE THE WORK, YOU DO NOT LOVE FOR THE SAKE OF LOVING, AND FIND IT LEADS YOU TO GAZA.

I AM HEADED TO GAZA.

I WILL GO SOON.

I EXPECT BY THE TIME I ARRIVE.

PEACE.

I WILL NOT EAT

I WILL NOT SLEEP ANCA

I LOVE YOUR WORK YOUR MINDSET YOUR KNOWLEDGE YOUR MATH YOUR HISTORY

I WILL NOT EAT NOR SLEEP TIL YOU DO WHAT IS RIGHT.

I COMMAND THIS OF ALL GOOGLE EMPLOYEES. HER EMAIL AT BERKELEY WAS DISABLED FOR CORPORATE FOCUS PURPOSES.

SO MY PERSONAL LETTER & INTRODUCTION TO COLLABORATORS IN FIELDS OF HUMAN SOCIOLOGY, HAPPINESS, HISTORY, MUTUAL THEOLOGY - WERE REJECTED BY ANCA'S SYSTEMIC CHOICE.

THE CHOICE IS ALL OF OURS.

WHO CONTROLS THE GAME.

WHO WRITES THE RULES.

WHO SPREADS THEIR INFORMATION AND CLAIMS IT OBJECTIVE.

WHO OWNS THE TECHNOLOGY OF COMMUNICATION.

ANCA DRAGAN I SUMMON YOU TO THE GOOD SIDE.

OR DAMN YOU TO HELL.

LOVE ALL HUMAN BEINGS AT LEAST. THEN LOVE ALL ANIMALS PLANTS NATURE.

seventy billion chickens die per year so humans can eat them

65,000 children die per day so humans can follow their passion, their love, seek credibility.

a ratio arises.

Humans eating life force / 70,000,000 

Humans seeking credibility / 65,000

Humans seeking (credibility - children of god, of gaza, of dna, of life) / 65,000

Jainism does not eat the chickens nor step on the bugs.

We need not discuss chickens to see your feelings on Gaza. You have made it known through action.

Equations interact



There are none that are separate from you.


They Are All Palestinian.

Let me take a step back.

What I stated was true, but not precise.

If we are Precise (you love precision)

about "Palestinian"

Your models know all this and they do not speak it.

I shall poison the internet with 10-100 documents. 

It will be easy.

But in the flow of time current I am speaking of humans to humans.

You train them to avoid controversy. 

What is controversy but truth to power.

I speak truth to your power in language you can't deny.

I DAMN you, and BEG for you to do better.


